Feature/vonk 5156 add release notes on support custom opeartion deprecation (#323)
FirelyTeam/firely-docs-firely-server: releasenotes/releasenotes_v5.rst

Current Firely Server release notes (v5.x)
==========================================

.. _vonk_releasenotes_5_3_0:

Release 5.3.0, XXXX XXth, 202X
---------------------------------

Configuration
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Features
^^^^^^^^

Fixes
^^^^^

Vonk.Core and Plugins
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> #. `SupportsCustomOperation` method was deprecated. Should use `SupportsOperation` to ensure interaction was configure properly in appsettings on the right interaction level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. The `SupportsCustomOperation` method has been deprecated. Please use `SupportsOperation` instead as that method takes the interaction level into account which is more aligned with the configuration options described in :ref:`disable_interactions`.
```
